# Power-BI-Fundamentals
I'm glad to complete 17 hours of Data Camp skill track " Power BI Fundamentals" with 6 courses :  01. Introduction to Power BI : Gain a 360° overview of exploring and using Power BI to build impactful reports, load and transform data using Power Query, data models and drill down into reports and make your reports fully interactive.   02. Introduction to DAX in Power BI : write DAX code to generate calculated columns, measures, tables, time-intelligence functions and Quick Measures.  03. Data Visualization In Power BI : create insightful visualizations through built-in and customized charts and conditional formatting, Know more about visualizations such as scatter plots, tornado charts, gauges, and how to visualize everything without overwhelming audience.  04. Case Study: Analyzing Job Market Data in Power BI : explore a real-world job posting dataset to uncover insights for a fictional recruitment company called Data Search. "Use Power Query to investigate and clean the data, Use DAX to build insightful visualizations of your findings and bring it all together to build the business dashboard so that you can answer questions for the Data Search team" ( shorturl.at/atOX5 ).  05. Data Preparation in Power BI : Use Power Query Editor to transform and shape data and use M language and the Advanced Editor.  06. Data Modeling in Power BI : Foundations of data modeling and relations by going into star and snowflake schemas and how they affect the performance in addition to data cleaning, shaping, and loading techniques.  In Addition, I have also complete another 2 courses to make it 8 out of 18 of "Data Analysis with Power BI" career track :  07. Case Study: Analyzing Customer Churn in Power BI : Creating eye-catching report pages with the help of measures and calculated columns to investigate a dataset from an example telecom company called Databel and analyze their churn rates and figuring out why customers are churning at the rate they are, and how to reduce churn.  08. Data Transformation in Power BI : (Un)Pivot, transpose, join and append tables, create custom columns and use of M language and the Advanced Editor.  #powerbi #dataanalysis #datavisualization #bi #bianalyst #bideveloper #businessintelligence
